Overall Algorithm:

Data Types:
In this program, there are the 2 classes (nsDFA and DFA) which represnent a non deterministic-start DFA and a DFA respectively. 
In both of these classes, states is an array, alphabet is an array, the transitions are a array(which will hold arrays), and accepts is an array.
The main and really only difference in these 2 data types are that in a DFA, the start state is a string as there can only be one 
start state, however, in the nsDFA, the start state is a list as there can be more than 1 start states and to accomadate for that
start is a list instead of a string. While both the states and alphabets are lists from a programatic standpoint, they function as sets,
where no states or alphabet character can repeat as this would not make sense from a literal standpoint and would also cause issues when implementing
in code. Transitions are an array of arrays of size 3 as the transition array holds arrays that describes transitions for their respective finite 
automata classes, where an array describing a transition looks like [from, read, to]. Start is a string in DFA because there can only be one and so we 
describe it using its singular state name, however in nsDFA start is a list because we have been told to assume a nsDFA can have one or more start states
so to accomadate we append all start states to an array and use that array later on to solve the problem. 

Overall Approach:
The overall algorithm I took for solving this problem was to create a normal dfa with each start state from the 
nsDFA and then union those dfas together to create an equivelent dfa to the original nsDFA. The reasoning behind this approach 
being, that a nsDFA accepts if from any of its start states it reaches an accept state. And so, by creating dfas 
based on all possible start states from the nsDFA, I cover with subsets of the language, all possible strings in the language. 
Therefore, if nsDFA would accept the string, then at least one of the dfas I created using the start states would accept the string,
and vice versa in the sense that if the nsDFA would not accept the string, then none of the dfas created would accept the string
because if one did this would be a counter proof to the nsDFA not accepting on the given string. Now knowing that if the nsDFA 
accepts the string then at least one of the dfas accepts as well, I unioned together all of the dfas until I only had 1 dfa left.
This final dfa which is the result of all the start state dfas unioned together will accept the same language as the nsDFA for the
reasoning stated eariler about if the nsDFA accepts, then at least one dfa accepts because now as the union of all those DFAs, 
this final DFA will also accept. 

specific subroutines implemented:
within nsDFAtoDFA is where the logic of the algorithm comes into play. parsensDFA and DFAtoXML are functions from previous homeworks
(slightly modified parseDFA to get parsensDFA) that simply carry out
a modified DFA parse and printing the DFA produced. Within nsDFAtoDFA, there the a subroutine of creating the list of DFAs from the 
start staes of the nsDFA. This subroutine works by iterating through the nsDFA start states and then creating a new instance of a DFA
with the same attributes as the nsDFA except for the start stae being the current start state we are seeing instead of a list of start
states. These DFAs are then appended to DFAtoUnion to be used in the next subroutine. The next subroutine which is the while block in 
nsDFAtoDFA carries out the unioning of the DFAtoUnion array. what this subroutine does is call unionDFA on the first 2 values of 
the DFAtoUnion array to create the union of those 2 dfas and then stores the return value of that, which is the unioned dfa,
to the end of the array so that the while loop condition will work properly and the unioning will continue until there is only 1 DFA 
left, the final completely unioned DFA. UnionDFA is from a previous homework, but it takes in 2 dfas and gos about creating a new DFA 
that holds new values for its variables that are created to represent the union of the two given dfas. This function calls get_transition 
as a helper function in which get_transition simply returns the transition between 2 given states from the transitionlist it is given. 
This unioned DFA is then returned for printing.

preconditions/invariantes: 
Some preconditions that I rely on are that the nsDFA provided to the program is a valid nsDFA, there are no checks to ensure this that 
are done within the program. I also assume that prior to trying to print the DFA in DFAtoXML, a DFA has been created by the nsDFAtoDFA
function. While maybe obvious, I rely on my unionDFA function working properly in order to correctly produce the DFA equivelent of the 
nsDFA. 
