The first and foremost most important thing in this problem is recognizing the difference between a Hamiltonian Path and a Hamiltonian circuit. Hamiltonian paths are undirected graphs with a path through every vertex.
Hamiltonian Circuits are the same thing except the starting and ending vertex are the same.  

Reduction from UNDIRHAMPATH to UNDIRHAMPCIRCUIT:
Based on the above definition, a Hamiltonian circuit needs to cover all edges on a graph, and then start and end at the same vertex. 
For that to happen, an edge must be added between the starting and ending points of the Eulerian path to form a circuit, so that once the 
path has reached the end vertex, it can use this extra edge to go back to the starting vertex. This solution is the same as the one for converting
a Eulerian path to Eulerian circuit, because though the definitions are different, both Hamiltonian and Eulerian circuits require
the starting and ending vertex to be the same. The adding of an edge between the starting and ending vertex takes constant or O(1) time, which is less than polynomial time. If the path is not hamiltonian, and an edge is added between the starting and ending vertex, a non hamiltonian circuit will be created, which is the expected behavior. If the input given is not valid, then there is some polynomial reduction to notGRAPH where notGRAPH is a string that exists in Σ* which
is used to describe inputs to the reduction function that are not valid.


Reduction from UNDIRHAMPCIRCUIT to UNDIRHAMPATH:
Based on the above definition of Hamiltonian Paths and Circuits, a path is a path that touches each vertex in a graph once, and hence ends on different nodes. A Hamiltonian Circuit is a path that also visits each node once, however, the starting and ending nodes are the same node. In order to reduce a Hamiltonian circuit to 
a Hamiltonian path, the removal of the edge of the last node seen before reaching the starting node again is necessary. Removal of this edge would take constant or 
O(1) time, which is less than polynomial time. Therefore, there is a polynomial reduction between Hamiltonian circuits and paths. If the circuit being reduced was not a hamiltonian circuit, the result would be a non-hamiltonian path, which is the desired outcome. If the input given to the function was not a part of Σ*, then 
there is some polynomial reduction notGRAPH that exists in Σ* where notGRAPH is a string used to describe inputs to the reduction function that are not valid. 
